PMM-6797 Add haproxy service into pmm-admin.md. (#392)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/details/commands/pmm-admin.md

`pmm-admin add DATABASE [FLAGS] [NAME] [ADDRESS]`

> `pmm-admin add haproxy [FLAGS] [NAME]` (CAUTION: Technical preview feature)

Reviewer: not a Technical Preview

    `--disable-collectors`
    : Comma-separated list of collector names to exclude from exporter

#### HAProxy

`pmm-admin add haproxy [FLAGS] [NAME]`
:   Add HAProxy to monitoring.

    FLAGS:

    `--server-url=SERVER-URL`
    : PMM Server URL in `https://username:password@pmm-server-host/` format

    `--server-insecure-tls`
    : Skip PMM Server TLS certificate validation.

    `--username=USERNAME`
    : HAProxy username.

    `--password=PASSWORD`
    : HAProxy password.

    `--scheme=SCHEME`
    : Scheme to generate URI to exporter metrics endpoints (http or https).

    `--metrics-path=METRICS-PATH`
    : Path under which metrics are exposed, used to generate URI (default: /metrics).

    `--listen-port=LISTEN-PORT`

>     : Listen port of external exporter for scraping metrics (Required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    : Listen port of haproxy exposing the metrics for scraping metrics (Required).
```

Author: @rnovikovP Yes, here https://github.com/percona/pmm-admin/blob/PMM-6797-cli-for-haproxy/commands/management/add_haproxy.go#L130:L130, going to change it to same message like here. Only another occurrence what I know is in pmm inventory in grafana. Where you can see external exporter which was added with haproxy service. Is it OK?
